I got about five minutes of sleep and
I'm up now it's my dumbass friend and
wig
he's like why am i and get up like what
the fuck do you want
he tells me that Paul Heyman it's Ryback
now believe it because Paul Newman's gay
every quiet because Tina's gotta come in
John
and she's got Yami here is uh yeah Tina
she's Maya
it's his mom's right why don't you sleep
with me house again
if you guys this ain't my room by the
way the Saint mangu right well it's kind
of one of them but it's like a guest
room and decided to like went to a yes
for the William may come you see ball in
line my job but Amos and Paul Heyman if
he actually kissed my back
you are gay motherfucker okay I don't
like the direction the company's going
with this right now
what a peachy yo are you encouraging
people be gay
are you kanji people because I don't
want that let me chase know about my dad
my dad being out with gays back then you
told me all about its menus uh I preface
someday we are but we buffets on a
Friday mornings before I go to school
he's like yep I'm not like you but then
they got me up I gotta be up a little
bit but I have prevailed a B that we
also and it's by yourself
but Leo say I to another store by famous
listen island direction this company I
won ton yeah right now I don't like the
company right now when the oil and
Dustin Rhodes on shit I don't like it
it's just bad anyways don't wake me up
if we get home keeping your ass on
I'm tired dude yeah I'm still high but I
like directions the company's going
right now I wanted to back to bed now
I'm up I'm keeping you ass don't know
you know
now
No
you got